Guide context and narrative cleanup (#1355)
temporalio/documentation: docs/app-dev-context/activity-parameters.md

---
id: activity-parameters

> title: Activity Parameters - Appplication development context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Activity Parameters - Application development context
```

sidebar_label: Activity Parameters

> description: When it comes to your application data, that is – data that is serialized and encoded into a Payload, we recommend that you use a single object as an argument that wraps around the application data passed to Activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: When it comes to your application data—that is, data that is serialized and encoded into a Payload—we recommend that you use a single object as an argument that wraps the application data passed to Activities.
```

tags:
  - guide-context
---

> There is no explicit limit to the total number of parameters that an [Activity Definition](/concepts/what-is-an-activity-definition) may support.

Author: @bergundy @lorensr I would love your feedback to help make this correct and complete -

Reviewer 2: Looks good, would just add for now max Payload/single-argument size 2mb, max grpc message (which includes all the arguments) 4mb

However, there is a limit of the total size of the data ends up encoded into a gRPC message Payload.
Also, keep in mind that all Payload data is recorded in the [Workflow Execution Event History](/concepts/what-is-an-event-history) and large Event Histories can affect Worker performance.
This is because the entire Event History could be transferred to a Worker Process with a [Workflow Task](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-task).

<!--TODO link to gRPC limit section when available -->

Some SDKs require that you pass context objects, others do not.

> When it comes to your application data, that is – data that is serialized and encoded into a Payload, we recommend that you use a single object as an argument that wraps around the application data passed to Activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When it comes to your application data—that is, data that is serialized and encoded into a Payload—we recommend that you use a single object as an argument that wraps the application data passed to Activities.
```

---
id: activity-parameters
title: Activity Parameters - Application development context
sidebar_label: Activity Parameters
description: When it comes to your application data—that is, data that is serialized and encoded into a Payload—we recommend that you use a single object as an argument that wraps the application data passed to Activities.
tags:
  - guide-context
---

> There is no explicit limit to the total number of parameters that an [Activity Definition](/concepts/what-is-an-activity-definition) may support.
> However, there is a limit of the total size of the data ends up encoded into a gRPC message Payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The total number of parameters that an [Activity Definition](/concepts/what-is-an-activity-definition) can support is not explicitly limited.
However, the total size of the data encoded into a gRPC message Payload is limited.
```
